add query builder parameter support (#508)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/spicy-market-care.md

---
'@finos/legend-query': patch
---

> Add support for specifying and editing `parameters` in query builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow specifying and editing `parameters` in query builder.
```
